what's going on no seriously what is
going on if you open the news you see
the economy it's fantastic it's never
been better how is that possible well in
today's video I'm going to explain
what's actually happening and then for
those who wait until the end we're going
to see where it's going and let me tell
you it's not pretty you came here for
the truth so let me unveil that for you
in today's video we're going to look at
several pieces of information tie that
all together into what coming it's
already in development right now and
what they are going to feed you
literally well it'll be crunchy at least
you heard me US GDP grew at
4.9% annual Pace in the third quarter
that was better than expected wow the
economy is so strong 5% growth what are
we talking is this a developing Nation
it can't be the US well what was it well
when you break that down what they
basically said was
the Taylor Swift conf concerts and her
movie and all the other Barbie movies
and Oppenheimer many people were
spending money on those things and that
was Central to the growth I would like
to note the fact that when people have
to spend more on every single thing that
they do yes it could support the economy
but not in a good way it's not as if
people have extra cash that they're
throwing out there this is being spent
on the things that they need okay I have
talked about the anecdotal evidence
before looking at restaurants and things
that just do not have the ability to
really keep all their staff they don't
have as many people coming in through
the door I have heard from you and that
goes for different cities around the
United States places in Canada in other
areas around the world dealing with
basically the same issue it affects
seemingly most Industries and different
parts so we know that this is a
widespread problem what's going on let's
continue okay we're going to look at
this analysis each thing that I do here
is top down as we break through this one
step at a time the economy was supposed
to be slow by now but instead it's
revving up analysts are raising their
year end forecast as the FED Ponders
whether to increase interest rates again
I have noted just watched it again where
Jerome Powell said specifically that we
do not not have a restrictive policy at
this time and what does he mean by that
I know for some people they say like
what what's that mean all he's saying is
that where interest rates are it is
simply not uh too much and so that tells
us that they could be going in the
higher for longer um you know basically
this higher for longer mtra they could
be continuing that keeping interest
rates where they are would mean that
borrowing costs whether that's credit
cards whether that is mortgages whether
that's personal loans everything that
means they are going to stay expensive
for a while so the Slowdown could
persist that's all if it continues we'll
see all right we have this speaking of
credit cards and debt you're looking at
the credit card debt which is red and it
shows us that we are at a record high as
you know you might imagine at the same
time the personal savings rate continues
to be towards the lowest that's been
this Char goes back um for over a decade
and of course the the amount of money
that's being left over that's what
personal savings rate refers to it's not
like how many uh you know the deposits
in the bank or whatever this is
suggesting to us that people do not have
any cash left over and of course when
things are so expensive and Basic
Essentials cost much more than they did
a few years ago certainly people are
burdened by it you have retail credit
card rates hitting a record high looking
at
28.9
3% my goodness and many actually go over
that now this is like for the different
store cards that you would have and
believe me I remember when I was very
young working in retail and I would see
the people coming in they would get
those cards okay I wouldn't advise it to
them but people would do that and you
know you had these very uh you know the
salesmen that work there let's just say
that they would be pushing this on
people why because every sign up they
got some incentive to do that the
problem here is not that there is a card
it's that often times people who get
these cards are those that have a
balance and that's at
30% you are going to be crushed and
guess what a lot of people are in this
circumstance they have found themselves
in the debt spiral and will not make it
out and so they'll have to go through
bankruptcy and so the credit will be
ruined for a period of time this is not
beneficial when we have delinquencies
car delinquencies right now are the
highest they have ever been if you heard
me correctly listen up closely please
car delinquencies have never been like
this before and the data goes back to
1994 that that's as far back as the data
goes and and all throughout we have
never seen it this High that's including
the financial crisis
so that just tells us that's just a
little bit of a warning sign of what's
to come but I have more for you wait
there's more all right look at this
Topgolf Baltimore is listed for sale
about a year after opening Top Golf
property in Northeast Philadelphia is up
for sale now you could point to the
particular cities and say look you know
this is just one area so it's not going
to uh you know affect everywhere what
does it tell us though it tells us us
that people likely do not have the
disposable income that they did
previously this is referring to uh what
happened with milk and this whole
article is all about the dairy um and
specifically New Zealand and so what's
happening here New Zealand being um you
know a big uh exporter producer of milk
of Da and essentially in the case of
exports to China they fell for
40% compared with the same quarter last
year all right and last year by the way
not a very you know particularly
productive year in China and so you
could see this one thing after another
what they said was they took the dairy
and then created milk powder so that it
could be used in other things but that
preserves the shelf life so they can use
it now preserve it and then uh be able
to utilize that over over a period of
time interesting okay so I just wanted
to make note of this like it's it's all
over the place and you you know you
could point to one Stat or another and
it just seems like there's a bunch of
disconnected things but do you see how
we're connecting the dots the consumer
is not strong they might be spending but
they're spending on the credit cards
they are spending maybe just like what
China is doing let's spend a bunch of
money let's do preserves let's spend it
on our garden let's spend it on our home
because we want to be able to weather
this storm I know a lot of people that
are in a circumstance right now that
they likely can't get out of they might
have to sell their home they might have
to sell some of their assets they might
be in a position where they absolutely
were 180 degree difference just a few
years ago and that is not a good sign
for the economy as a whole all right
this is is basically just talking about
crime and just saying that retail theft
is worst in these 10 cities and I'd like
you to take a guess where those cities
are I'm sure you can guess a few of them
at least La Oakland San Francisco
Houston New York Seattle Atlanta Georgia
Sacramento uh California Chicago all the
way down okay so you see that we have
crime it's going on everywhere there has
been a surge in all types of crime
whether it is car theft I've seen car
jackings in the middle of the highway in
La I have seen you know the wildest
things are going on right now so we have
this why because Prosperity is down we
have other issues too there's some
politics involved uh but the point is
this is going on all at the same time
remote employees don't work as hard says
the head of the world's biggest
commercial landlord this is for
Blackstone okay and um I think a lot of
people by the way get Black Rock and
Blackstone confused but anyway this is
important because now what's happening
is a lot of the businesses especially
like the banks inside of Canada for
instance every single one is laying
people off now they're not doing Mass
layoffs of like you know half the staff
and all these things but all of them are
doing it and we're talking about
thousands here thousands there it is
pretty significant and so that's
happening but they're basically what I'm
hearing internally uh for many different
companies is that all of them are saying
you got to start coming back to work
more often and the employees want to go
back to work more off not that they want
to but in a sense they need to be there
because they need their boss to see them
they need to make sure that they are
apparently you know working in things
even if they might be doing the same or
less work it doesn't matter being there
then suddenly the boss recognizes you
that's happening at all the big Banks
the financial establishments right now
so that's important for commercial real
estate but also just shows us a big
change and we could start to see this uh
becoming a trend in the next little
while where does that lead us well you
made it to this part of the video and I
want to thank you for that if you found
that informative so far hit that thumbs
up button when you do you're supporting
me also at the same time by clicking
that one button right down below you're
basically telling the algorithm they're
like hey this is a good thing so it's
like sharing with your friends and
family
but if you can't do that literally
clicking that is like kind of like
sharing it with the YouTube world so I
appreciate that now you can ask yourself
where does this lead well I'll tell you
back um several years ago the world
economic Forum had this eight
predictions for the world in 2030 and uh
on the right side you might be able to
see that it just basically says you'll
own nothing and you'll be
happy this is this is it it this is what
they're setting up now you can of course
argue that's just one group of people
and so on and so forth yeah I get that
um but it's coming and um it's it's real
crunchy what am I talking about we'll
we'll mention that in a second here
passing out tents is Adam's possible
next step in the New York migrant
crisis understand what's going on
overall though with people living on the
streets that's the only reason I I
mentioned this
we have so many people every city it
seems every big city where there are
streets they're just lined up with tents
they're lined up with RVs or people
living in their vehicles there are
parking lots that have now been
designated they've been designated to be
areas in which people can just live
there we don't have enough shelter okay
you can just live in this parking lot
from now and it is wild because this
didn't exist just a little while ago go
so we can see the general Trend and
that's going to be the new thing you'll
own nothing except maybe a tent or it
will be provided to you by the
government that's the direction we're
heading but wait there's more we have
this Tyson Foods invests in eating bugs
and insect protein now you might say to
yourself well this is not necessarily
for human consumption yet it's
essentially going to be for you know the
an to the animals then we eat the
animals that's what they're trying to
say uh it doesn't matter because they're
not the only one to say that of course
the world economic Forum had said that
you also see this you may see lab grown
meat and insects on the menu in future
decades as the world grapples with the
challenges of food security posed by
climate change and conflict basically
saying look you want to save the world
you got to eat some bugs and then we
have this it says uh salted ants ground
crickets while you should try edible
inex
that's coming from The Washington Post
all right so this is what they have this
is what they offer us we have a problem
we have a crisis things are too
expensive we have credit card debt it's
surging you look at people they're
unable to afford their basic expenses at
the same time you know economy is very
challenging you've got people that are
going to be competing for jobs right now
we're moving into that environment is it
a recession is it not a recession all
these things you see what I'm saying one
by one by one by one that's what we did
today the economy 4.9% oh yeah it can
show that but what's actually happening
well we broke that down further and so
what do they offer you well of course
you got the RV you got the living in the
car and you've got the bugs and they
want that to be your future I don't want
that I want to make sure that you are
doing everything that you possibly can
so what we do weekly we have two meetups
that we do as part part of the group
that I have and this is the Friday one
where we talk about the economy we talk
about the stock market we look at all
the insides uh uh and I called it the
mentorship group initially but now we've
split into two uh groups and now what we
have there on the Friday session is we
talk all about this and we talk about
strategies and everything it's a small
Zoom class and then on the Sunday
session we get into the economy uh the
uh e-commerce we get into business we
look at things that you can do today to
make money I give strategies I give the
actual step by step and I do that in
this small Zoom class environment
there's a handful of people in there and
all good people that's the only people
that I will allow into the group and so
um this is something that I find to be
you know something that I'm passionate
about I love being part of that group
and we spend upwards of two hours on
each session which is crazy uh but it's
a great time and if you want to be a
part of that there will be a link in the
description scroll down look for
mentorship and you will get that I want
to see you there I hope that you'll join
if these things one of these um is
appropriate to you if you want to know
more details of course just click that
link watch the video you'll see it for
yourself and of course make sure you
take care of yourself your family
because we are moving into hard times
but I want the best for you I'll see you
on the next one take care